development: add development environment docs (#1055)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: development/developer-guide.md

The [stdout plugin](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/tree/master/plugins/out_stdout) is very simple; review its code to understand how output plugins work.

## Development Environment

> Fluent-bit provides an isolated environment from local environment for development. Thanks to that, developer who use different OSes / distros do not have to try finding available required libraries / dependencies for local environment. Development environments of fluent-bit provides required library / tools for development.

Reviewer: Please use separate lines for each sentence - it makes commenting easier.

```suggestion
Fluent-bit provides a standalone environment for development. 
Developers who use different OS or distributions can develop on a simple, common stack. 
The development environment provides the required libraries and tools for you.
```

> Development environments by fluent-bit provided are able to create via [Devcontainer](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/blob/master/DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#devcontainer) or [Vagrant](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/blob/master/DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#vagrant).

Reviewer: Inconsistent `fluent-bit` vs `Fluent-bit`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development environments provided for
- [Devcontainer](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/blob/master/DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#devcontainer)
- [Vagrant](https://github.com/fluent/fluent-bit/blob/master/DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md#vagrant).
```
